
Cloud

Yes, its the future. It really is.

Amazon - Leader, typically first with new features, API's, services.

         Like in the past with Microsoft, you can't ignore them.

         They are very strong with new startup companies, especially
         in the cloud/web space.

         They are not as strong with enterprise customers as they
         have not fully developed this skill set yet.

Azure - Very strong competitor to Amazon. Empire strikes back.

         Yes, you can run Linux in Azure as well as Windows.

         Microsoft *OWNS* the enterprise customer today. It's theirs
         to lose. Microsoft took this mantle from IBM many years ago.

         Azure cloud is strong with enterprise customers in which
         Microsoft has a large enterprise sales force, systems engineers
         and programs to help enterprises blend their current local
         Windows based systems with the Azure cloud.

Google - Very distant third place. Analysts give them way more credit
        than they are due in the cloud space because historically
        they have been very succesfull running large infrastructure
        such as Google search, Gmail, and U-Tube. But those have all been
        *INTERNAL* customers, not external paying customers. They are
        trying to learn how to deal with enterprise customers, while
        at the same time scrambling to provide enough services infrastructure
        for cloud startups.

Oracle - Very distant forth. Surprisingly strong given most customers
        *HATE* them. But if you want someone to run Oracle in the cloud
         for you, they are the experts.

         Even though you need your head examined to develop a major
         project in Oracle cloud due to how they historically treat
         their customers, the facts of data communicate dictate that
         applications need to run where the data is. So if Oracle can
         get people to move their Oracle database into the cloud, its
         natural that those applications would also need to run in the
         Oracle cloud. Yes, this is their business model and they depend
         on it.


IBM - Irrelevent. Forget them. Check the computer history books about
      how great companies eventually decline, like General Motors.

      All they ship now are press releases, while contining to massively
      layoff their workforce, especially people who used to know something.

      Their entire revenue is based on a has been powerpc processor emulating
      5 levels of virtual machine to run an old System/38 code which originally
      used punch cards. They call these "mainframes" now, or System-Z. Your
      gaming PC blows these away at a fraction of the price.

      IBM is kept alive by "dusty decks" Cobol code in which the people
      who now it have retired. Ask your mom.

      Companies that hope to stay in business will soon hit the wall
      on their obsolete digital systems and go to SaaS, or cloud based
      Software As a Service. IBM could do acquisitions here to build
      this area up before the plug is pulled. 




